Disable SQL server functionality (#448)
dask-contrib/dask-sql: docs/source/server.rst

SQL Server
==========

.. warning::

>     ``dask-sql``'s SQL server functionality is currently exploitable and has been disable until the exposed vulnerabilites can be resolve.

Author: ```suggestion
    ``dask-sql``'s SQL server functionality is currently exploitable and has been disabled until the exposed vulnerabilities can be resolved.
```
